Yeah!
Oh, you secret gardener!
You are ridiculous!
Don, donre, lyn, lyn, lyn, lyn, ton, tonro, Gateway ban lonely discussions
Here, won't you?
Just listen closely
Hold the Edo
This is a different friendly music
it's just a site for us all,
We'll gather the people and make a feast.
Make a feast!
We'll make a feast!
What are you doing?
I'm just making a joke.
I'm not talking about Edo.
I'm talking about the first emperor of the day.
The first emperor of the day, the first emperor of the day.
We'll gather the people and make a feast.
Make a feast!
It's the same old story.
The first emperor was a little boy.
He was a little boy.
The Edo castle boys were the children of Kyoto.
They were all playing around.
I see.
The first emperor's father was a good man.
When he went to the castle, he was angry.
He said, you're a little too old to be a good boy.
I'm not talking about the first emperor's father.
I'm just making a joke.
He came to Edo and went to the castle.
I'm not talking about the first emperor.
He was angry.
I'm just making a joke.
The End